# V1.4.1 Release Notes
### Feature
- Introduced an application model to provide a cloud-native deployment experience with centralized module configuration interface and a global process view, adding new features such as mounting volumes, DNS configuration, and domain name resolution settings.
- Enhanced building capabilities: Added Dockerfile support, allowing more flexible application code building for various programming languages and direct deployment of pre-built images.
- Monitoring and alerts function (dependent on Blueking monitoring platform).
- Application logs can now be collected and queried from the Blueking log platform.
- Feature to change bk_app_secret.
- The credential information for Addons services supports toggle settings to control whether it is written into environment variables.

### Improved
- Default timeout for code repository operations changed to: 10 minutes.
- S-mart application supports modification of Chinese names.
- Added renewal operations for expired cloud API permissions.
- Login box is opened using `windows.open`.
- Optimized pages for the application list, basic information, Addons service instance details, and access management.
- Developers must apply for permissions before they can call any API registered to the API gateway.
- Upgrades to Python and Nodejs component dependencies.

### Fixed
- Fixed an issue where image credentials could not be entered if they exceeded 255 characters.
- Fixed an error reported for undeclared modules in service discovery.